Thank you for helping with our research project! Our hope is for you
to create a keyword index for a set of instructional videos. The
videos comprise an introductory course in databases. This video index
will be analogous to the index at the end of a book.

The purpose of your work is to serve as ground truth for an automated
video indexing system we are building. Our algorithms will be tested
using your work, which will represent the gold standard.

You will work not with the videos themselves but much more efficiently
with their 'closed caption' files. Those contain a transcript of the
instructor's words, and look like this excerpt:

    This video covers database authorization.|
    As we'll see its a relatively straight|
    forward topic, but it is a very important one.|
    Authorization has to do|
    ...
    Authorization works as follows.|
    The databases keeps a password table
    ...
    We will return to authorization later.|
    ... <some other topic>
    We can now add encryption to the authorization table.|
    ...
    

You will identify keywords that would be important for a student to
find video snippets that cover a particular concept. In transcript
lines that contain an important word, you will copy the word over to
the right of the vertical line. We'll call this process 'marking the
word.'

You will distinguish two cases: either a word is mentioned in passing,
or it is mentioned in the context where the underlying concept is
introduced in depth. In the latter case you will add an asterisk after
copying the word to the right of the vertical bar.

NOTE: once you copied a keyword in the casual case, you don't have to
copy it again! We'll find the rest automatically. We do ask that you
mark the places where the respective concept is discussed in depth
multiple times if needed. But often only a single part of the video
will go into details on a concept.

Here is how the above example might look when you are done:

    This video covers database authorization.|authorization
    As we'll see its a relatively straight|
    forward topic, but it is a very important one.|
    Authorization has to do|
    ...
    Authorization works as follows.|authorization*
    The databases keeps a password table
    ...
    We will return to authorization later.|
    ... <some other topic>
    We can now add encryption to the authorization table.|authorization*
    ...

Notice the first mention of authorization without an asterisk. If you
miss the first casual mention, or decide later that a keyword is
important even in casual context, just add the word to a later line.

Notice also that the second mention of authorization does not need to
be marked; we'll find it automatically, because of your action on the
first line.

But at the line starting with 'Authorization works,' the word
'authorization' is copied once more with an added asterisk, because
this seems to be the spot where the instructor introduces
authorization for real.

In this example there is a second in-depth discussion in the last
line, after some intermediate other material is covered. So the
keyword is marked again. Again, often only one spot in the videos will
cover a concept in depth.

Once you are done with one transcript, we ask that you list the five
top-most important keywords among the ones you chose. Maybe for the
above authorization example those might be:

  o authorization
  o password table
  o encryption
  o roles
  o profiles

In some cases there might be less than five important keywords. In
those situations, just list the ones you found.

Some details:

- If a keyword is really a phrase, do copy the whole phrase. For
  example, in the text 'Databases can parse regular expressions.' you
  would copy 'regular expressions', rather than just the word
  'regular.'
- Capitalization does not matter.
- You can mark as many keywords as you feel are *sensible* to have in
  an index. Don't overdo it.

Thank you for your help!


